Something I wish I would have known before I chose nuclear technology,
is how cool computer science could be. When I was a kid I was just
thinking computer science what you know, they type all day and there's
like ones and zeroes and it's terrible and you know lots of math,
very complex for no reason. That's what I thought, but after I got
out I realized woah wait a second, I can make games? And it's not that
difficult, you know there are tools to help you so you aren't dealing
with ones and zeroes, you can deal with like normal conversation
when you code? Aw man. So I wish number one, I wish my dad would have
bought me a computer when I was a kid, and that didn't happen. So
number two, before I joined nuclear tech, as a nuclear technologist
you know as an Electrician's Mate, and I wish someone would have told
me about other computer science fields, because that's what I'm
doing now that's my passion, you could say.